com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/BottomSheetFragment.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.BottomSheetFragment
com/google/android/gms/vision_common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision_common.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/BaseThemeImageButton.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.BaseThemeImageButton
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/SettingsActivity.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.SettingsActivity
com/google/android/gms/vision/common/license/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision.common.license.R
com/google/android/gms/base/license/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.license.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/CameraTextureView.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraTextureView
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraTextureView$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraTextureView$2
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/R.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$anim
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$animator
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$array
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$attr
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$bool
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$color
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$dimen
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$drawable
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$id
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$integer
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$layout
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$menu
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$mipmap
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$raw
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$string
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$style
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$styleable
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.R$xml
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/MainActivity.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.MainActivity
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.MainActivity$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.MainActivity$2
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.MainActivity$3
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/ShareUtils.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.ShareUtils
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.ShareUtils$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.ShareUtils$2
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.ShareUtils$3
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.ShareUtils$4
android/arch/core/R.java
 android.arch.core.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/OcrTask.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrTask
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrTask$OcrDetectorTask
android/support/v14/preference/R.java
 android.support.v14.preference.R
 android.support.v14.preference.R$anim
 android.support.v14.preference.R$attr
 android.support.v14.preference.R$bool
 android.support.v14.preference.R$color
 android.support.v14.preference.R$dimen
 android.support.v14.preference.R$drawable
 android.support.v14.preference.R$id
 android.support.v14.preference.R$integer
 android.support.v14.preference.R$layout
 android.support.v14.preference.R$string
 android.support.v14.preference.R$style
 android.support.v14.preference.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/CameraAnimationView.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraAnimationView
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraAnimationView$1
android/support/mediacompat/R.java
 android.support.mediacompat.R
 android.support.mediacompat.R$attr
 android.support.mediacompat.R$bool
 android.support.mediacompat.R$color
 android.support.mediacompat.R$dimen
 android.support.mediacompat.R$drawable
 android.support.mediacompat.R$id
 android.support.mediacompat.R$integer
 android.support.mediacompat.R$layout
 android.support.mediacompat.R$string
 android.support.mediacompat.R$style
 android.support.mediacompat.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/OcrData.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrData
com/google/android/gms/vision/license/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision.license.R
android/support/coreui/R.java
 android.support.coreui.R
 android.support.coreui.R$attr
 android.support.coreui.R$bool
 android.support.coreui.R$color
 android.support.coreui.R$dimen
 android.support.coreui.R$drawable
 android.support.coreui.R$id
 android.support.coreui.R$integer
 android.support.coreui.R$layout
 android.support.coreui.R$string
 android.support.coreui.R$style
 android.support.coreui.R$styleable
android/support/fragment/R.java
 android.support.fragment.R
 android.support.fragment.R$attr
 android.support.fragment.R$bool
 android.support.fragment.R$color
 android.support.fragment.R$dimen
 android.support.fragment.R$drawable
 android.support.fragment.R$id
 android.support.fragment.R$integer
 android.support.fragment.R$layout
 android.support.fragment.R$string
 android.support.fragment.R$style
 android.support.fragment.R$styleable
android/support/v4/R.java
 android.support.v4.R
 android.support.v4.R$attr
 android.support.v4.R$bool
 android.support.v4.R$color
 android.support.v4.R$dimen
 android.support.v4.R$drawable
 android.support.v4.R$id
 android.support.v4.R$integer
 android.support.v4.R$layout
 android.support.v4.R$string
 android.support.v4.R$style
 android.support.v4.R$styleable
android/support/coreutils/R.java
 android.support.coreutils.R
 android.support.coreutils.R$attr
 android.support.coreutils.R$bool
 android.support.coreutils.R$color
 android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
 android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
 android.support.coreutils.R$id
 android.support.coreutils.R$integer
 android.support.coreutils.R$layout
 android.support.coreutils.R$string
 android.support.coreutils.R$style
 android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/license/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.license.R
android/arch/lifecycle/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/OcrCamera.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera$2
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera$3
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera$4
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera$CameraLoader
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera$CameraLoader$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera$FocusMode
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCamera$PictureCallback
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/BitmapUtils.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.BitmapUtils
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/keyboard/RepeatListener.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.RepeatListener
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.RepeatListener$1
android/support/v7/appcompat/R.java
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
 android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/keyboard/KeyboardRepeatButton.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.KeyboardRepeatButton
com/google/android/gms/oss/licenses/license/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.oss.licenses.license.R
android/support/transition/R.java
 android.support.transition.R
 android.support.transition.R$attr
 android.support.transition.R$bool
 android.support.transition.R$color
 android.support.transition.R$dimen
 android.support.transition.R$drawable
 android.support.transition.R$id
 android.support.transition.R$integer
 android.support.transition.R$layout
 android.support.transition.R$string
 android.support.transition.R$style
 android.support.transition.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/OcrCameraController.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCameraController
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrCameraController$OcrCameraListener
android/arch/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/OrientationListener.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.OrientationListener
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.OrientationListener$OrientationCallBack
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/CameraUtils.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraUtils
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/BuildConfig.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.BuildConfig
android/support/exifinterface/R.java
 android.support.exifinterface.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/ImageModel.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageModel
android/support/v7/recyclerview/R.java
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$bool
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$color
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$integer
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$layout
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$string
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$style
 android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/keyboard/CameraIMEUIController.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.CameraIMEUIController
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.CameraIMEUIController$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.CameraIMEUIController$2
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.CameraIMEUIController$3
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.CameraIMEUIController$4
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/PermissionUtils.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.PermissionUtils
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.PermissionUtils$Type
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/OcrDetector.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrDetector
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.OcrDetector$Status
com/google/android/gms/tasks/license/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.license.R
android/arch/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/CaptureButton.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CaptureButton
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/BaseThemeActivity.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.BaseThemeActivity
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/keyboard/CameraIME.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.CameraIME
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.CameraIME$1
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/AppSettings.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.AppSettings
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.AppSettings$LaunchDialog
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/PrivTouActivity.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.PrivTouActivity
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.PrivTouActivity$1
android/support/compat/R.java
 android.support.compat.R
 android.support.compat.R$attr
 android.support.compat.R$bool
 android.support.compat.R$color
 android.support.compat.R$dimen
 android.support.compat.R$drawable
 android.support.compat.R$id
 android.support.compat.R$integer
 android.support.compat.R$layout
 android.support.compat.R$string
 android.support.compat.R$style
 android.support.compat.R$styleable
android/support/constraint/R.java
 android.support.constraint.R
 android.support.constraint.R$attr
 android.support.constraint.R$id
 android.support.constraint.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/keyboard/KeyboardTextManager.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.KeyboardTextManager
android/support/design/R.java
 android.support.design.R
 android.support.design.R$anim
 android.support.design.R$animator
 android.support.design.R$attr
 android.support.design.R$bool
 android.support.design.R$color
 android.support.design.R$dimen
 android.support.design.R$drawable
 android.support.design.R$id
 android.support.design.R$integer
 android.support.design.R$layout
 android.support.design.R$string
 android.support.design.R$style
 android.support.design.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/keyboard/KeyClickListener.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.KeyClickListener
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/MainUIController.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.MainUIController
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.MainUIController$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.MainUIController$2
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/ImageData.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageData
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageData$1
android/support/graphics/drawable/animated/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$bool
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/FlashButton.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.FlashButton
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.FlashButton$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.FlashButton$FlashMode
com/google/android/gms/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.R
 com.google.android.gms.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.R$raw
 com.google.android.gms.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/oss_licenses/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.oss_licenses.R
android/support/graphics/drawable/R.java
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$bool
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
 android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/GalleryImageLoader.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.GalleryImageLoader
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.GalleryImageLoader$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.GalleryImageLoader$2
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.GalleryImageLoader$RestoreBytesTask
com/squareup/picasso/R.java
 com.squareup.picasso.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/SettingsFragment.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.SettingsFragment
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.SettingsFragment$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.SettingsFragment$2
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.SettingsFragment$3
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.SettingsFragment$4
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.SettingsFragment$5
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.SettingsFragment$6
android/support/v7/preference/R.java
 android.support.v7.preference.R
 android.support.v7.preference.R$anim
 android.support.v7.preference.R$attr
 android.support.v7.preference.R$bool
 android.support.v7.preference.R$color
 android.support.v7.preference.R$dimen
 android.support.v7.preference.R$drawable
 android.support.v7.preference.R$id
 android.support.v7.preference.R$integer
 android.support.v7.preference.R$layout
 android.support.v7.preference.R$string
 android.support.v7.preference.R$style
 android.support.v7.preference.R$styleable
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/keyboard/Utils.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.Utils
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/ImageGestures.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageGestures
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageGestures$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageGestures$DragGestureListener
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageGestures$GestureType
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageGestures$GesturesCallBack
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.ImageGestures$ScaleGestureListener
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/BitmapImageView.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.BitmapImageView
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.BitmapImageView$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.BitmapImageView$2
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.BitmapImageView$3
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.BitmapImageView$4
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.BitmapImageView$5
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/camera/CameraGestures.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraGestures
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraGestures$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraGestures$GesturesCallBack
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraGestures$ScaleGestureListener
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.camera.CameraGestures$TapGestureListener
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/main/TextActivity.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.TextActivity
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.TextActivity$1
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.main.TextActivity$2
com/sharebounds/sharebounds/keyboard/FullScreenButton.java
 com.sharebounds.sharebounds.keyboard.FullScreenButton
com/google/android/gms/vision/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.vision.R
